The Joe Rogan experience.
When you were talking about going to the doctor when you were a
child, and that this is a very disturbing story,
but I want you to try to explain it to people, how
people were dying in these hospitals and rats
would eat the eyeballs of the people who are dying and children who are starving
would eat the rats.
And then the children would die and the rats would eat the children.
Explain what this was like, that you w w how, how did you see this?
Well, I mean, seeing that the body is under stress, like everyday thing,
it was numb.
Where were the bodies? Like, just laying around on the.
Streets. They are floating in the rivers.
And then they also train station.
Somehow had a lot of dead bodies because no, excuse a very cold.
And there's a train waiting area.
And North Korea has one train go to one distance, like a once a month.
And like here,
it would take like one hour to go the other place in order to take a month,
at least to go, because there's no electricity.
And sometimes people have to push the train. They have to push.
The train. Yeah.
Yeah. Traveling in North Korea.
So unbelievably difficult thing within North Korea. So,
uh, I mean, anyway, so in train stations,
that's when people die mostly and in North Korea,
the hardest thing as a child for me is that when my mum goes away to find food,
like, we don't have a car. Like we don't have phones. We don't have letters.
If I say goodbye to her, I don't know when I'm going to see her again.
Or if I'm ever going to see her again,
because she could have cared and like raped and starved.
You never know how to find people. So in the, you know, in the morning,
when you go to like walk in the train station,
they just put the piles of the antibodies and they're all like, become rigid,
right? They're almost like, like woot paradon alum and taking away.
And one, but the thing is, for me, I didn't even know the word, compassion.
Like nobody told me you have to feel bad for it. Because for me, it's like,
like fish in the water don't notice the water, right?
Like that was like something everyday I saw as a child.
You never went days where you didn't see,
this is a normal thing to see dead bodies.
As, as, as like normal, as like breathing the air. Why now?
And one thing that I remember his sister, my,
my sister and I was walking by, by the word, like in North Korea,
we don't have a sewage. We don't have one in water.
Obviously we have to go to a river to bring the drinking water.
And there's a young teenage boy,
I think lying down and his intestines coming out of his
back when you're really mad, nourished, that thing all opens up. You got zeros,
you know, fats, every hole all up and, and,
and you see dog, like dogs looking at his Oregon's coming out.
And he was there somehow conscious, begging for food at the time he.
Was begging for food while his organs were hanging out of his body. Yeah.
And I don't know why he was like, pants were off.
And I found nothing. That's still haunts me to this day. Like,
I don't know how I feel nothing at that point.
And that just looked horrible because you just,
the fact that she's alive and so much flies flying by,
on his origins and how he's somehow consciously begging for food.
And I, I didn't feel anything.
You felt no compassion. No, it was just normal.
Yeah. It's yeah. So that's,
that was like daily life thing. And then in the hospital,
when I was 13 years old, I, my,
my parents took me to hospital because I was a bad stomach ache.
And then we don't have like x-ray machines. We don't have none of that.
Dr. Webster belly. And then he says, oh, we need to operate on her.
I think her like appendix bursting or something. So that afternoon they,
they cut me off, put me without any anesthesia.
And by it's normal thing that people in North Korea operation without
anesthesia.
But the chances of you going to surgery is a lot higher for getting infected,
because we don't have penicillin.
The nurses using a one Nader to inject every single patient.
So who do you know? Well, you have,
the person has you get from actually more sick by being in the hospital.
And this is where we don't of course have indoor bathroom for the patient.
We have to go outside.
And in between there there's a pirates of dead human bodies.
And that's when I was seeing this, uh,
some are rats, eating human eyes first, for some reason.
Um.
And this women, I don't know, in my age,
probably short hair wearing his flower pens.
And when they did all,
like their math is somehow open and they're all eyes hollow.
And you see children like looking at the rats and laughing and chasing them and
our doors telling them I don't need those. You're going to get sick from it.
But of course, kids don't care. Like even finding a rat is delicacy.
Because even finding a snake is a, it's a, it's a big prize.
You don't find those like often.
So there were finding the rats and then just trying to eat them,
whether eating them raw.
Sometimes if you find a skin, you do,
but they do find some like fire and roast them.
So they were excited to find a rat, catching them with.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Of course they do catch them around with their hands and,
and there's pirates of human bodies. Like the, she was on top.
That's why I was able to see her reading this flower pants till this.
And then I go, oh, I just saw hello. It's like,
we need to look at the human body. Like nothing is left. I think that's what,
it's not just death. It's that? It's just like how it becomes nothing.
So inside, she does not know the shame or pain, just,
she was lying there like that.
And you see children just chasing them and laughing and try to catch the rats.
And the children didn't feel anything being around the dead bodies.
It's our daily normal thing, seeing a death. It's like our daily life.
And they would eat the rats and then they would get sick and some of them would
die. And then the rats.
Yeah. So the cycle we talk about, it's like,
that's a spring is for Nordisk as a season of death.
And so the diseases that they would get from the rats,
they were willing to risk those diseases just because of hunger.
When you are, there is a, uh, north Korean proverb.
There's no wish for the person who died after their stomach is full.
So even the image of the earthquake, the North Korea is not try to run.
So my mom was talking about the Tara when she was in the university,
there's earthquake happening.
And do you know what the student's doing is not one out of the building and
tried to survive. They go to kitchen. So before they die,
they eat at least so they can die.
So if you have the promise of eating a one year,
they're going to risk everything for that.
So it's just, uh, an entire country in a perpetual state of starvation.
Yeah. It's I remember praying with this game with my sister,
because as a young girl, I never ate till I felt full.
So I would compare myself. Like I tell her,
like I can eat a hundred breath and she's like, I can,
in the mountains of bread, I can eat like 10,000 more than what you just said.
Cause I don't know the limits of my stomach because I never tested it. So you.
Always were.
Hungry, always hungry, never felt full.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.